1. Filter Process
	I check the initial character of each String. If it's neither starting with a letter nor a digit, the String would be considered NOT a word. For example "!!" is not counted Otherwise it counts as a word. For example "CSE12" and "2018Season" are counted as words. Also I check "apostrophes". If a single String starts with an apostrophes, it would be appended to the end of last String to ensure apostrophes work properly. For example "he","'s" would become "he's". Also if a String is preceded by a ".", the first letter of it would be treated as a lower-case letter (however the starting letter of queries won't be changed, meaning searching "He" won't return the result of "He" at the beginning of sentences). One exception is that if the String is a single letter "I", it won't be transformed.
	
2. Database runtime analysis
	The running time is around 22 seconds. And my generateDatabase method should be a O(n^2*log(n)). The size of input: n are respectively the number of files (in path), the number of words from each file, and log(n) refers to the runtime of set method (dependent of the total number of words) in BSTMap.

3. Graph-making runtime analysis
	Making graph for 1-gram queries took 319 milliseconds. 2-gram took 309 milliseconds and 3-gram took 479 milliseconds. It seems like the "n" doesn't affect too much. The big-O bound should be O(n^2*log(n)^2), The size of input: one n is the number of queries, and the other n is the number of years, and log(n)^2 refers to the runtime of calling get methods (dependent of the number of years) in the two nested DefaultMap.